README.md, before:

# dev-tools-for-designers
This is a small script to help designers get up and running to do basic development

This will install, nodejs, npm, Sublime text editor and launch the github installer. 
Additionally it will allow you to launch Sublime through the command 'subl'

## 1
Execute the script by finding the setup.command file and double clicking to launch

![alt tag](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nascherman/my-pics/master/screen5.png?token=AIlKQVVJpgz0bsbbOOTM1rCW4mVoPC3fks5WmA15wA%3D%3D)

## 2
The script will launch a terminal window, watch for the password prompt


/usr/local/bin/brew
/usr/local/Library/...
/usr/local/share/man/man1/brew.1
Press RETURN to continue or any other key to abort 
==> Installing the Command Line Tools (expect a GUI popup)
==> /usr/bin/sudo /usr/bin/xcode-select --install

**Password:** (enter your password here) 

## 3
During the install, you will be prompted by a popup to install xcrun. Click install and wait for it to complete
then press enter in the terminal window to continue the installation

![alt tag](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nascherman/my-pics/master/screen1.png?token=AIlKQSG5mW5LMyQfErIM8Mf7uqgCKTygks5WmAyHwA%3D%3D)

## 4

Finally, the github desktop install will popup and you can install as normal.

Commit message:

additional instructions add execute permissions

README.md, after:

# dev-tools-for-designers
This is a small script to help designers get up and running to do basic development

This will install, nodejs, npm, Sublime text editor and launch the github installer. 
Additionally it will allow you to launch Sublime through the command 'subl'

## 1
Download the file and put it in your home directory. You must give the setup.command 
file execute permissions to run it. Press ⌘ + space and type in terminal and select 
the terminal icon and launch it by pressing enter.

 ![1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nascherman/my-pics/master/screen7.png?token=AIlKQdJV_4aHdvn8GDcj0Adag-Wir44Gks5WnPQAwA%3D%3D)

 ## 2

Type 'ls' to check if the 'setup.command' file is in your directory. Then execute the command
'chmod a+x setup.command' to allow the script to run.

![2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nascherman/my-pics/master/screen8.png?token=AIlKQUcig9gjJHjj2uQC0__BlR_lYVh4ks5WnPQEwA%3D%3D)
 
## 3
Execute the script by finding the setup.command file and double clicking to launch

![3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nascherman/my-pics/master/screen5.png?token=AIlKQVVJpgz0bsbbOOTM1rCW4mVoPC3fks5WmA15wA%3D%3D)

## 4
The script will launch a terminal window, watch for the password prompt


/usr/local/bin/brew
/usr/local/Library/...
/usr/local/share/man/man1/brew.1
Press RETURN to continue or any other key to abort 
==> Installing the Command Line Tools (expect a GUI popup)
==> /usr/bin/sudo /usr/bin/xcode-select --install

**Password:** (enter your password here) 

## 5
During the install, you will be prompted by a popup to install xcrun. Click install and wait for it to complete
then press enter in the terminal window to continue the installation

![4](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nascherman/my-pics/master/screen1.png?token=AIlKQSG5mW5LMyQfErIM8Mf7uqgCKTygks5WmAyHwA%3D%3D)

## 6

Finally, the github desktop install will popup and you can install as normal.
